feat(clerk-js): Add option to disable development mode warning (#4951)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/tiny-colts-bake.md

---

> '@clerk/tanstack-start': minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@clerk/tanstack-react-start': minor
```

'@clerk/react-router': minor
'@clerk/clerk-js': minor
'@clerk/nextjs': minor
'@clerk/astro': minor
'@clerk/remix': minor
'@clerk/types': minor
'@clerk/clerk-expo': minor
---

> Support disabling Clerk's development mode warning by passing `disableDevelopmentModeWarning: true` as an option to `Clerk.load()`. Associated environment variable: `CLERK_DISABLE_DEVELOPMENT_MODE_WARNING`.

Author: ```suggestion
Support disabling Clerk's development mode console warning by passing `developmentModeWarningDisabled: true` as an option to `Clerk.load()`. Associated environment variable: `CLERK_DEVELOPMENT_MODE_WARNING_DISABLED`.
```
